docs: add security policy document (#1074)
regen-network/regen-ledger: SECURITY.md

This notice is to inform you that on [[**March 1 at 1pm EST/6pm UTC**]], we will be releasing Regen Ledger vX.X.Y to fix the security vulnerability.

We ask all validators to upgrade their nodes ASAP.

If the chain halts, validators with sufficient voting power must upgrade and come online for the chain to resume.
```

### Example Timeline

The following timeline is an example of triage and response. Each task identifies the required roles and team members; however, multiple people may play each role and each person may play multiple roles.

#### 24+ Hours Before Release Time

1. Request CVE number (ADMIN)
1. Gather emails and other contact info for validators (COMMS LEAD)
1. Test fixes on a testnet  (REGEN LEDGER ENG)
1. Write “Security Advisory” for forum (REGEN LEDGER LEAD)

#### 24 Hours Before Release Time

1. Post “Security Advisory” pre-notification on forum (REGEN LEDGER LEAD)
1. Post Tweet linking to forum post (COMMS LEAD)
1. Announce security advisory/link to post in various other social channels (Telegram, Discord) (COMMS LEAD)
1. Send emails to partner projects or other users (PARTNERSHIPS LEAD)

#### Release Time

> 1. Cut Regen Ledger releases for eligible versions (REGEN LEDGER ENG)
> 1. Cut Gaia release for eligible versions (GAIA ENG)
> 1. Post “Security releases” on forum (REGEN LEDGER LEAD)

Author: ```suggestion
1. Cut Regen Ledger release for eligible version (REGEN LEDGER ENG)
1. Post “Security release” on forum (REGEN LEDGER LEAD)
```
